SC/collectives: add change logs (#10)
nspark/specification: content/backmatter.tex

\CONST{SHMEM\_MALLOC\_ATOMICS\_REMOTE} and \CONST{SHMEM\_MALLOC\_SIGNAL\_REMOTE}.
\\ See Section \ref{subsec:shmmallochint} and \ref{subsec:library_constants}.
%

> \item Changed the team-based broadcast function to update the dest object on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item Changed the team-based broadcast function to update the \VAR{dest} object on
```

> \item Changed the team-based broadcast function to update the \VAR{dest} object on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\item Specified that team-based broadcast operations update the \VAR{dest} object on
```

> all PEs, including the root PE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all \acp{PE}, including the root \ac{PE}.
```

\CONST{SHMEM\_MALLOC\_ATOMICS\_REMOTE} and \CONST{SHMEM\_MALLOC\_SIGNAL\_REMOTE}.
\\ See Section \ref{subsec:shmmallochint} and \ref{subsec:library_constants}.
%
\item Changed the broadcast function to update the dest object on all PEs,
including the root PE.

> \\ See Section \ref{subsec:shmem_broadcast}.

Reviewer 2: This change is only for team-based broadcasts, not active-set based broadcasts. Can you please clarify?

%
\item Clarified error codes returned from collectives.

> \\ See Section \ref{subsec:coll}.

Reviewer 2: I believe that the active-set based collectives did not return error codes. Since this only applies to the new collectives, it seems unnecessary to note this as a separate changelog entry.

Author: Will delete the change log. However, the main text does not specify that the error codes are team-based collectives specific. How about we change the title?
```
Error codes returned from collectives
```
->
```
Error codes returned from team-based collectives
```

Reviewer 2: Did we update the legacy collectives to also return error codes? I think this was discussed but ultimately not incorporated.

Author: We didn't. Same for `shmem_barrier_all` and `shmem_sync_all`.  Do you think we should leave the paragraph title as is?

Reviewer 2: A clarification is something we would make to existing text. Given that the error codes are newly added in OpenSHMEM 1.5, this changelog entry seems confusing to me. I think it would be fine to remove it and assume that this change is covered by another entry indicating the new team-based collectives. However, if you feel like it's helpful to call out this change in particular, it could be phrased a bit more like a new addition:

> Specified that \openshmem defines only success and failure error codes for team-based collective routines.

Author: Sorry for my late reply. I agree that the error code change is covered by the new team-based collectives entry. Thus, I deleted the change log entry and updated the paragraph title to: "Error codes returned from team-based collectives"

%
\item Deprecated entire active-set-based collectives. Added the
  team-based collective functions with return value to indicate successful

>   local completion: \FUNC{shmem\_sync},

Reviewer 2: Can we split this up?
```
\item Deprecated active-set-based collectives.
\item Added team-based collective functions:
```
The return value doesn't seem to me like a detail that needs to be called out here?
